README.md, before:

# Webpage sectional animation framework

An animation framework that allows you to animate in section elements on a webpage with many sections.

[Image]

## 📝 Requirements

1. each page has multiple sections
2. each section can have the following elements: optional background header/footer, colour and content (heading, text, image)
3. You should be able to animate in elements with different timings and direcions
4. background colour change (between sections) and animations to be triggered by scrolling into sections
5. a section can also dictate what the nav should be like when that section is active
6. to be done using react.js
7. on window resize, calculations should update in an optimised way so everything works correctly (targetting desktop in prototype)
8. sections should be a reuseable component

## 🖥️ Tech & resources

1. vite.js
2. react.js
3. ...

## 🚀 Usage

1. ...

## 📄 Other things

1. Cool CSS colours & their names [here](https://www.quackit.com/css/css_color_codes.cfm)

Commit message:

update PoC requirements due to blockers

README.md, after:

# Webpage sectional animation framework

An animation framework prototype/proof-of-concept (PoC) that allows you to animate in section elements on a webpage with many sections.

[Image]

## 📝 Requirements

1. each page has multiple sections
2. each section can have the following elements: optional background footer, colour and content (heading, text, image)
3. You should be able to animate in elements with different timings and direcions
4. animations to be triggered by scrolling into sections
5. a section can also dictate what the nav should be like when that section is active
6. to be done using react.js
7. on window resize, calculations should update in an optimised way so everything works correctly
8. this PoC is limited to desktop resolution (not responsive)
9. sections should be a reuseable component
10. only the 1st section will have a header

## 🖥️ Tech & resources

1. vite.js
2. react.js
3. ...

## 🚀 Usage

1. ...

## 📄 Other things

1. Cool CSS colours & their names [here](https://www.quackit.com/css/css_color_codes.cfm)
2. this set of requirements is for a particular project so it is very specific & in its entirity might not be applicable to other projects, but parts of it should be useful to repurpose
